ECMAScript is the standard that defines JavaScript, the language that allows web
pages to be dynamic. It is an interpreted language, which means that it doesn't
need to be compiled by the programmer: instead the client (such as a web
browser) will parse the code and turn it into code that their machine can run -
suitable for creating dynamic websites that can run on any browser on any
computer!

In addition to use in web pages with modern web browsers, and it can also be
executed on servers where the NodeJS platform is installed where it can be used
for creating a web server too.

"ECMAScript has grown to be one of the world’s most widely used general purpose
programming languages.
It is best known as the language embedded in web browsers but has also been
widely adopted for server and embedded applications."
— [ECMA International Language Specification](http://www.ecma-international.org/ecma-262/6.0/index.html#sec-ecmascript-overview)

Starting with the 6th edition (commonly known as ES2015 or ES6) in 2015, a new
edition of the standard will be released each year. The 6th edition was a major
update which brought many enhancements over ES5, including notably template
strings, expressive arrow function syntax, and cleaner syntax for defining
classes.

However, support for the newest syntax is incomplete in [current browsers](https://kangax.github.io/compat-table/es6/)
and [the latest node](https://node.green/), and often requires transpilation
with a tool like [Babel](https://babeljs.io/).

_Note_: This track supports the latest ECMAScript syntax via Babel and the
[@babel/preset-env](https://babeljs.io/docs/plugins/preset-env/) plugin, and new
experimental features will be enabled with each release of the specification.
Here, you will find code that not all runtimes are able to run.
